# Manage logon settings for a RAM user

This topic describes how to allow RAM users to log on to the RAM console, and how to modify or clear console logon settings for RAM users.

1.  Log on to the [RAM console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com/) with an Alibaba Cloud account.

2.  In the left-side navigation pane, click **Users** under **Identities**.

3.  In the **User Logon Name/Display Name** column, click the username of the target RAM user.

4.  In the **Console Logon Management** section of the **Authentication** tab, enable the RAM user to log on to the RAM console with a password, and modify or clear console logon settings based on your business needs.

    -   **Enable Console Logon**: If console logon settings have not been specified for the RAM user, you can specify the following configuration items based on your business needs.
        -   **Console Password Logon**: specifies whether the RAM user can use the password to log on to the console.

            **Note:**

            -   If you want to allow the RAM user to log on to the RAM console, select **Enabled**.
            -   If you want to keep the password, multi-factor authentication \(MFA\), and other logon settings while disallowing the RAM user to log on to the RAM console, select **Disabled**. If you select **Disabled**, you can modify logon settings for the RAM user. However, these settings do not take effect. These settings take effect only after you select **Enabled**.
        -   **Set Logon Password**: specifies whether a default password or a custom password is used by the RAM user. The default password is automatically generated by the system. If you select the option of using a custom password, specify one before proceeding.

            **Note:** We recommend that you save the password for subsequent use.

        -   **Password Reset**: specifies whether the RAM user must reset the password upon the next logon.
        -   **Enable MFA**: specifies whether the RAM user must enable MFA.

            **Note:** If you select Required, the page for enabling an MFA device automatically appears when the RAM user logs on to the console.

    -   **Modify Logon Settings**: If console logon settings have been specified for the RAM user, you can click this button to modify the logon settings based on your business needs.
    -   **Remove Logon Settings**: If console logon settings have been specified for the RAM user, you can click this button to clear the logon settings, including the password and MFA settings.

        **Note:** The console logon settings cannot be automatically recovered after they are cleared. Proceed with caution. You can enable the RAM user to log on to the RAM console later. In this case, you must specify the console logon settings again.


**Related topics**  


[CreateLoginProfile](/intl.en-US/API Reference/API Reference (RAM)/User management APIs/CreateLoginProfile.md)

[GetLoginProfile](/intl.en-US/API Reference/API Reference (RAM)/User management APIs/GetLoginProfile.md)

[UpdateLoginProfile](/intl.en-US/API Reference/API Reference (RAM)/User management APIs/UpdateLoginProfile.md)

[DeleteLoginProfile](/intl.en-US/API Reference/API Reference (RAM)/User management APIs/DeleteLoginProfile.md)

