# Log on to the console as a RAM user

This topic provides the logon URL of a RAM user and describes how to log on to the Alibaba Cloud Management Console as a RAM user.

-   For information about the default domain name, account alias, and domain alias, see [Terms](/intl.en-US/Product Introduction/Terms.md).
-   After you log on to the RAM console by using an Alibaba Cloud account, you can choose **Identities** \> **Settings** and click the **Advanced** tab to view the default domain name and domain alias.

1.  Log on to the [Alibaba Cloud Management Console](https://signin.alibabacloud.com/login.htm) as a RAM user.

    **Note:** To view the logon URL of a RAM user, use your Alibaba Cloud account to log on to the [RAM console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com/). The logon URL is displayed on the Overview page.

2.  Enter the logon name of the RAM user and click **Next**. Three types of logon names are available:

    -   Logon name 1: default domain name. The format of the RAM user logon name is `<$username>@<$AccountAlias>.onaliyun.com`, such as, username@company-alias.onaliyun.com.

        **Note:** The logon name of the RAM user is in the User Principal Name \(UPN\) format. All logon names that are listed in the RAM console follow this format. <$username\> indicates the name of the RAM user. <$AccountAlias\>.onaliyun.com indicates the default domain name.

    -   Logon name 2: the account alias. The format of the RAM user logon name is `<$username>@<$AccountAlias>`, such as, username@company-alias.

        **Note:** <$username\> indicates the name of the RAM user. <$AccountAlias\> indicates the account alias.

    -   Logon name 3: the domain alias if configured. The format of the RAM user logon name is `<$username>@<$DomainAlias>`, such as, username@example.com.

        **Note:** <$username\> indicates the name of the RAM user and <$DomainAlias\> indicates the domain alias.

3.  Enter the logon password and click **Login**.

4.  Optional. If you enable multi-factor authentication \(MFA\), you must enter the verification code that is generated by the virtual MFA device or pass the Universal 2nd Factor \(U2F\) authentication.

    For more information, see [Multi-factor authentication \(MFA\)](/intl.en-US/Security Settings/Overview of security settings.md) and [Enable an MFA device for a RAM user](/intl.en-US/Security Settings/Multi-factor authentication/Enable an MFA device for a RAM user.md).


